Point to tag archive for changes (#1061)
alleyinteractive/apple-news: README.md

###	Source

###	Changelog

> See the tag archive for the [changelog](https://github.com/alleyinteractive/apple-news/tags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the release archive for the [changelog](https://github.com/alleyinteractive/apple-news/releases).
```
